Yu Feng, are you sick?
It's me who messes with you
What does it have to do with the Shen family?
Don't be so high-sounding about bullying others
Scumbag Gu Jingxi
After the Shen family is finished, it will be reduced to a street store
Just think about it
Why don't you buy him in a man's bed?
You hahaha
I have a long memory, right?
Shen Yanchen
When is it?
Do you still think you are the third master Shen of Quanqing?
Shen Family Danyun City has been with the overlord long enough
It's time to perish
Shen Yanchen, you have been in the mall for so long
Didn't you learn to protect yourself for profit?
What a pity
self-insurance
Why do you regret not choosing me?
I just follow my heart
I will never regret the choices I made
No matter what the result is, I will admit it.
What a pity, Third Master
Many years ago, our Lan family was killed
It's the third master, you help
If you are hungry and cold in the future
In my next life, you lend a helping hand
Without my permission, I'll see who dares to help him
Shen Yanchen, don't you have a proud body?
Then I'll let the Shen family put it out
Even you are thinking about the cooperation with Qishu Group
It will never be possible
Believe it or not
The cooperation with Qishu Media can only be Shen Yanchen
I said
Thanks.
I caused this, don't worry.
I have something to do
Oh, you don't have a fever, do you?
Why did you start talking stupid?
Don't believe it?
Just because I am the dawn
Hahahahahaha
How is the dawn possible?
How could the morning light come to such a small place?